Browse items Screen:

This screen is used to search for any items you may want to buy.

In the search bar, you can enter a string to search for a particular item name.
The search string may not be empty.

Besides that, there are several other filters you can use to narrow down your search:

Below your search bar is a list of checkboxes for the various categories items are classified under.
If none are selected, you will see results from any categories.
If you select more than one category, you will only see results from the selected categories.

To the right, there are various other filters, each one has an "Enabled" checkbox, for a filter to take effect, 
you must enable this filter's checkbox.

below is a description of all these filters:
 
On the top can find a filter to specify the minimum average rating (inclusive) these items should have.
Items without ratings are hidden if this is enabled. the maximum rating is 5 out of 5.

Next, there is a filter to specify the range (inclusive) of the total Carbon footprint in which items given in
a search query should fall. the unit is tonnes of C02 per unit of item.

Next, there is a filter to specify the range (inclusive) of the total Energy usage in which items given in
a search query should fall. The unit is kWh per unit of the item.

Finally, there is a filter to specify the range (inclusive) of the total Water usage in which items given in
a search query should fall. The unit is L/unit per unit of the item. 

Below, you can see the results of your search query. Use the scroll bar to browse the results.
Each box contains the item's picture, name and Seller username.
You can view the summary of the item's price, carbon footprint, energy usage and water usage.
The "View Item" button is used to access the item's page
so that you can look at more details and add them to your cart of items.

At first, you are only shown the first 10 results of your query. To view more, click the "load more items"
button at the bottom of the results.

To access your profile, click on your profile picture in the top left of the screen.

Below that, you can access the checkout screen to pay for all the items that you have added to your cart.

Finally, the logout button below is used to log off of your account and go back to the sign-in screen.


